[THEME MUSIC]
>>VEDA AUSTIN:
They actually think
the more spiritual aspect
of water is the observer.
One of the songs that I
did repeated studies with
was "Stairway to Heaven."
Every time I would
play that song,
I would see a stairway
image appear in the ice.
Water freezes into
the energy of a word.
And when you eat that
ice, people have actually
been having incredible results.
I took spring water and I put
it just right beside a 5G tower.
And we saw one of the
most disordered patterns
I've actually seen.
I've done a lot of questions
like, what on Earth
was inspired by aliens?
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Oh, and
there you've got the pyramids
of Giza.
Tell us how you capture
these images, in case
some of our budding
scientists at home
want to do this themselves.
>>VEDA: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Many of you have
heard of the brilliant work
of the late Masaru Emoto, who
demonstrated that water is
conscious and holds memory.
Mr. Emoto is gone, but a woman
from New Zealand, Veda Austin,
has picked up where Emoto
left off, and has developed
an even finer body of
images and information
on the brilliance of water.
Welcome, Veda.
>>VEDA: Thank you.
>> REGINA: What an
absolutely amazing,
stunning body of photographs
and video you have.
And it wasn't
hyperbole when I said
that this is an even finer body
than what Mr. Emoto produced
within his lifetime.
So, first of all,
let's talk about how
you started with water and maybe
what influence he had on you.
>>VEDA: Sure.
Well, Emoto really
was a pioneer.
And he opened the
doorway for people
to see that they are
sensitive bodies of water--
sensitive to thoughts and words,
emotions, feelings, music.
And he was inspiring to me
because I became very curious.
Does water really
store information?
Does it have memory?
Is it conscious?
They're very big questions.
And I think that what I wanted
to do was to see for myself.
But all those years
ago, I didn't actually
have a microscope.
But I realized that the secret
was in the freezing, where
the unseen becomes seen.
And so I found a way to
really investigate for myself.
>> REGINA: And you have done an
amazing job and everybody here
is going to have the benefit
of seeing these images.
And, in fact, in a
moment, we're going
to play a little
film that you made.
So, first of all, you say that
the water itself is an anomaly.
That it has 66 anomalous
properties to it
that have never been explained.
Just give us a
little feel for that.
>>VEDA: Well, I mean,
it's interesting I
call water the rebel
element because it
defies the laws of
physics and gravity.
It can go upwards through trees
and it expands when it cools.
It doesn't make sense.
And I think that's
really interesting
because, by molecular count,
not by volume, we're 99% water.
Our eye lens is 99% water,
which means we literally
see everything through
the lens of water,
and yet we know so
little about it.
>> REGINA: Absolutely true.
So what I'd like to
do to give people
an idea of what we're
going to be talking about
is play a little film.
Can we do that?
Let's play the little film.
>>VEDA: Water-- what do
we really know about it?
Some scientists say it's seeded
the Earth from meteorites
while others say it came up
from within the Earth's mantle.
Fondly known as
the rebel element,
water defies both
physics and gravity.
It expands when it freezes
and makes its way upwards
through tree trunks.
Water is mentioned 722
times in the Bible--
more than faith,
worship, and love.
The Quran says we have created
every living thing from water.
And the Upanishads say the whole
universe is made up of water.
All beings are made up of water.
When we look at
a water analysis,
we only learn about
what water holds.
But what do we learn
about water itself?
Does it have a spirit or a mind?
Does it have the
ability to store memory?
Over the last decade,
I've been studying water
in its state of creation--
the phase between
liquid and ice.
And I've discovered
something extraordinary.
Water appears to intelligently
respond to human consciousness.
It uses its building
blocks of ice
to design recognizable
pictographs,
enabling it to
share its messages
or acknowledgment back
to us in picture form.
Have you noticed a little
sailboat appearing in the ice?
The influence was the
thought of a sailboat.
My first experience
of this phenomenon
was when I projected
the thought of my hand
into a Petri dish of water,
froze it, pulled it out,
and in the architecture
of the ice was a hand.
I then froze some seawater and
an image of a fish appeared.
I now have over 40,000 photos
of water responding this way.
Here are a few examples showing
the influence on the right
and the ice response
on the left.
I inspire water in many ways,
including thoughts, music,
media, words,
photos, and emotions.
I've even spoken to water and
received written responses.
The photos you're seeing now
were all taken on my iPhone,
not altered or photoshopped.
They were designed by water
and crystallized in ice.
So what does this mean?
Could the ancients and
Indigenous be right?
Could water really
be a living being?
>> REGINA: I love that little
video because it has such
a bang.
It has everything in it I wanted
to start so people could see
what we're talking about here.
Because you've had
conscious conversations,
you've been given answers
through images from water
directly.
And so let's go back where
people are already comfortable,
and that was the
world of homeopathy.
A lot of the people
watching this
have used homeopathic remedies.
And so 200 or 250
years ago in Germany,
that's when they started really
producing these remedies.
And still today,
the homeopaths are
arguing to have a
place in society
despite the fact
of the clear effect
that it has on people's
bodies and their emotions.
So let's talk about
homeopathy for a moment
before we go into some of
the more esoteric stuff.
>>VEDA: Absolutely.
Well, I actually have done
quite a lot with homeopathy
as far as using my
crystallographic method.
And when I've put little drops
of various homeopathic remedies
into water and frozen
it using my technique,
I have seen imagery that really
looks very similar to the plant
that the homeopathic
remedy was originated from.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>>VEDA: And someone
was asking me,
why do you think that
the higher dilutions
of homeopathic remedies
actually work better?
And I think of it in a
really interesting way
after my observations of
interesting things that
have happened with water, is
that the spirit of the plant
essentially is expanding
the further away
it gets from the
body of the plant.
And so I think
about liquid water
as being the visible body that
houses the spirit of water,
and the spirit of water
is in all living things.
So the further away the spirit
gets from the physical body
within the water of
the homeopathic remedy,
it's actually expanding.
Someone once said to me that
dying is like taking off
an uncomfortable shoe.
You are able to
expand much further
and become more of an observer.
And I actually think the more
spiritual aspect of water
is the observer.
>> REGINA: And when people die--
this is just popping into
my head-- when people die,
that little bit, that small
percentage of an ounce that
disappears with them,
do you think that is
part of the fluid of life?
>>VEDA: I do.
I think that it's very relative
to the Maori word which
is wairua for spirit.
Wai means water, rua
means two-- the physical
and the spiritual waters.
And I think it's the
spiritual water that
leaves the body alongside
consciousness, perhaps.
Like I've said before,
my friend Joseph Hatman,
he says that water is the glove
on the hand of consciousness.
And I think that it's water
transitioning from one phase
to another.
Because many people talk
about spirit like a gas.
>> REGINA: Yes
>>VEDA: Yes, they do.
>> REGINA: So this is totally
random and not in our line
of questioning, but what happens
to a human being or an animal
or a plant or anything when
it becomes really dehydrated?
>>VEDA: Well, a lot happens
through dehydration.
We start to have a fuzzy memory.
We start to not be able
to think quite right.
Even the smallest
amount of dehydration
can really make quite a
big difference, especially
around our memory, which
is quite interesting.
>> REGINA: Around what?
>>VEDA: Memory.
>> REGINA: Memory, yes.
>>VEDA: Yeah, and so
there's been a lot of talk
around hydration.
And it seems that virtually,
everybody in the world
has some level of dehydration.
And I think it's more about
understanding that there
are different kinds of water.
And that comes into the
fourth phase of water.
There's a liquid,
solid, gas, and then
a type of gel or plasma.
And that's the kind of
water inside of our cells.
And it's like a battery.
>> REGINA: So how do
we best feed that?
>>VEDA: Well, I think
then understanding
where this fourth phase water
is within the liquid water.
So Dr. Gerald
Pollack, he has a book
called "The Fourth
Phase of Water."
And one of the things
that he talks about
is where you might find
fourth phase water.
Now, you always
find it in cells.
In liquid water, it's often
found in deep aquifers
or deep underground springs.
Because when there's pressure,
it creates this fourth phase.
Now a fourth phase
water is actually H3O2.
And it absorbs more light.
It has a negative charge.
It has an ordered structure.
So it's really
important the negative--
>> REGINA: What kind of
minerals it's exposed to?
>>VEDA: So minerals
are important.
It's important because
it makes up human beings.
>> REGINA: I mean in
these deep aquifers,
there are minerals in the
stones that are running through.
>>VEDA: Well,
actually, I think it's
the minerals and the salts
that hold and store memory.
It's interesting because when I
use distilled water in my work,
I see a signature pattern
of distilled water, which
is a pattern that
commonly occurs
for different types of water.
But I don't see complex imagery.
So I actually think that
it's because of the salts
and minerals that the water is
able to store that information
and share it.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I mean, another
aspect of homeopathy is cell
salts.
The cell salts, and I
think there are about 12
of them, which also goes
with the Zodiac calendar.
And each person supposedly
has a cell salt that's
aligned with them from birth.
And that must be part of
this hydration process
and the holding of memory?
>>VEDA: I believe so.
I mean, if you take a look at
us, we're not distilled water.
We're an ocean within a body.
And salt's an interesting
one because we're made--
pardon the pun--
if you boil it down, we
are water, salts, minerals,
and consciousness.
The salts and minerals and
water both immortal things.
So water doesn't die.
It's always transitioning
from one a stage to another.
And salt is really interesting
because when you put salt
in water, it disappears.
It gives the water
electrical charge.
It becomes a liquid crystal.
But then when the
water evaporates,
hello, there's the
salt in its cubic form.
So even when you're cremated,
the ashes are actually salts.
So when you think about
that, you think about,
well, there's this combination,
this marriage of salt and water
that has everything to
do with storing memories.
>> REGINA: What about --getting
another random one here--
What about the notion of
deuterium depleted water?
What's up with that?
Dr. Jack Cruz and
others speak about this.
For acting as a healing
agent for certain conditions,
what's deuterium
depleted water about?
>>VEDA: Well, I mean,
my area of specialty
is in crystallography, but
what I do know about deuterium
depleted water is that
it's an interesting one.
Because when
scientists were trying
to prove that water came from
outer space from meteorites,
they based it on the
amount of deuterium
that they found in these rocks.
And it had the same
amount of deuterium
as water on the
surface of Earth.
But then when you
look at primary water,
which is the water that's
held within the ringwoodite
of the Earth's mantle.
And there is more
drinkable water
inside the Earth's
mantle than all the seas
on the surface of Earth.
And we're told that
we're in this lack.
But, sorry, and
that's another story.
Yeah, but that type of water
is created within the Earth
and it's deuterium depleted.
>> REGINA: And that's supposed
to be the most true, pure,
healing, hydrating
water for humanity.
So in essence, you have access
to that through deep aquifers?
>>VEDA: Yeah, well,
it's meant to be
found by coming up through
very, very high springs.
So if you've got a
spring bubbling up
that's high on
top of a mountain,
it's possible that
it's primary water.
So there's a lot more to that.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
OK, so now let's get back
to these beautiful images
and the artistic
creativity of water.
And so what I thought
we'd do is take a look
at a few photographs
that have been
exposed to specific
pieces, musically speaking.
Do you want to-- which one would
you like to talk about first?
>>VEDA: Well, I started doing
a lot of music influences,
inspirations, I
prefer to call them,
with water because my son
had seen Emoto's work, which
was very contrasting.
He showed heavy metal
versus classical music.
And my son saw the
extremes, and he
couldn't identify with either.
So he came to me and he
said, I think water hates me.
And I'm like, why?
And he said, because I
like Tupac and Tupac swears
and so, therefore,
water hates me.
And I'm like, no, water
is never in judgment.
I'm pretty sure whoever did
heavy metal didn't like it.
So I did all these
genres of music.
And what I discovered
is that water seems
to pick up on words from songs.
And one of the songs that
I played repeatedly and did
repeated studies with
was "Stairway to Heaven."
And so every time I
would play that song,
I would see a stairway
image appear in the ice.
And I tested it again and
again, and then I ended up
writing the word stairway.
>> REGINA: It's absolutely
fascinating because you did
repeat this experiment.
So, yes, there's
consistency there.
We saw little hints
also in the beginning
of water being
exposed to images,
pictures, your thoughts, and
it will reflect it back to you.
It's like it's trying to
develop language with you.
>>VEDA: I did a podcast once
and the podcast ended up being
called The Water--
The Liquid Language of God.
And so there is
definitely a relationship.
And this is built
on relationship.
I don't see what I
do as experimenting.
I'm a body of water.
And what I see is that
water is responsive,
not just reactive
to consciousness.
>> REGINA: Responsive.
>>VEDA: And so it's literally
like a relationship.
>> REGINA: Yes, it's reaching
through to communicate with you
in direct response to your
questions and the images
you're putting forth.
But it also shows the
incredible power of the mind.
>>VEDA: It does.
>> REGINA: So what happens in
a field where so many minds are
really in chaos
and fear and such,
looking at it through
the lens of water?
>>VEDA: Well, what
I like to see is
that one drop of water
that has been blessed
can completely
transform tap water.
And tap water is often
really disordered.
>> REGINA: We're going
to look at that next.
That's what I want to go to.
>>VEDA: And so why I say that
is that so often, we can easily
get caught up in what we
think is the collective fear.
But actually, I see that
within the realm of water,
water has the power to
transform a whole ocean
with one drop of pure love.
And this also happens with
tap water and spring water.
>> REGINA: It has to be
happening in our bodies.
>>VEDA: Well, absolutely.
We have the power to
transform our entire life
with a transformation
of our perception.
Water sees us.
It reads potentials.
So something interesting
that I did recently
was start putting
seeds in water,
removing them, and
freezing them, the water
that had been imprinted.
And I did one with a sunflower.
I put a sunflower
seed in the water
for 30 seconds, removed it.
And water read the
potential of the seed
and designed an incredible
clear image of a sunflower.
I did the same thing
with a flax seed.
But when I put a
pistachio shell--
empty, with no pistachio in it--
the water designed
the shell only.
So it reads the
potential of things.
And I think it
reads our potential.
>> REGINA: So you mentioned
a moment ago the tap water.
So we're going to
look at some images.
Just classic city yap water.
City supplies.
Some is fluoridated,
some is not fluoridated,
or are they all
fluoridated, or just random?
>>VEDA: It's a little
random, but 90% of them
are fluoridated.
>> REGINA: And we can see here.
So what is so stark
when you look at this?
What surprised you
about this, initially?
>>VEDA: Well, I guess,
I wasn't so surprised.
[LAUGHTER]
To be honest.
What we see is very
disordered patterning.
And it's consistent.
In fact, I took some city
water from one of the hospitals
in New Zealand.
And it's quite
interesting because it
was one of the most
disordered waters that we see.
But that's because of
where it was coming from,
from that particular
area of the city.
There's this municipal
tap water and you
can smell the chlorine in it.
So what we see is
water's response
to what could be seen as trauma.
And at the same
time, after seeing
and getting to know
those structures,
I think what surprised me more--
so I would basically
do the crystallography
and then let that melt.
And then I would hold it
to my heart in its liquid
stage for a minute in a very
loving way.
And then I put that same
exact water into the freezer
and refroze it.
And then it refroze into
incredibly beautiful fern
patterns that were
very coherent.
So there was a structural
change, but not
a chemical change.
So what does that mean?
What that means is that water
is responding in what could
be seen as an emotional way.
>> REGINA: Yes.
To me, this is without end.
It's endlessly fascinating.
And so then, in
contrast to that,
you took really clear
fresh spring water.
And let's take a look at what
that image is showing us.
>>VEDA: With spring
water, what we
see is that it responds
in hexagonal patterns.
So hexagons really
are the blueprint
of water's original
point of health.
>> REGINA: It's like
the snowflake pattern.
>>VEDA: Yes.
It's very much like
the snowflake pattern.
And what we see
is that water that
has been frozen
within half an hour
from being taken from source
gives you the truest response.
So what we also know is
that spring water or waters
from a deep aquifers that
are very, very vibrant
form huge hexagons.
I have taken a
photograph of water
that was taken from
this beautiful cave
in the middle of nowhere in the
top of the south island of New
Zealand.
And it formed a hexagon that
took up the entire Petri dish.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>>VEDA: That's very,
very rare to see.
So what we also see, though,
is that hexagon shape
starts to become smaller
as the longer the water is
held in a bottle or the
longer it's not flowing.
So you see, the hexagon turn
into this flower shape, which
eventually turns into
this little hexagon, which
then becomes a dot.
And the hexagon is like
the outline of a hexagon
without all of those
beautiful starry fern
patterns in the middle of it.
>> REGINA: What happens then--
because probably most of
the people watching this
have some purification system
at the tap in their home.
What happens then when
you take purified water?
I mean, reverse osmosis, say.
>>VEDA: Yeah, I've used all
different types of waters
in my crystallography.
And I found that--
>> REGINA: What's that
look like, though?
What does reverse
osmosis look like?
>>VEDA: Well, it has its
own signature pattern.
So it looks a tiny bit like
the signature pattern of rain.
So rain looks like
a fanning pattern.
Whereas reverse
osmosis, for a fern,
it has more lines that
look a little bit straight.
And so that's a signature
pattern of reverse osmosis.
So it has its own pattern.
>> REGINA: Not necessarily
incoherent then?
>>VEDA: No, not
necessarily incoherent.
Purified water, I
think it gives water
a chance to breathe without
any toxins in there.
So I think there really
is a spirit of water.
And that's where
my true realm lies.
I think we need to understand
what the crystallography is.
Is it that water is more
drinkable because it
has beautiful hexagons?
Or is it that the water is
having an emotional response?
Is it showing its
state of health,
its energetic state of health.
That's actually what
I think we're seeing.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and, of course,
everybody's wondering depending
on what they're putting
in their body and what
they're consuming, does the
beauty and the beautiful
crystal structure of the
water affect their mind, body,
emotions when they take
in this beautiful water?
Even though that state
may be impermanent,
but if they're taking it in
that fresh glorious state,
like that huge hexagram from the
cave, what does that do to us?
What do you think it does to us?
Or is this still being
studied, obviously?
>>VEDA: Yeah, well, I think that
we are the welcoming committee.
I think whatever water that you
drink has a chance to heal you.
But it's very dependent
on how you receive it.
So, of course, we all want
to drink the beautiful spring
water that has giant hexagons,
but not everybody can do that.
>> REGINA: That's right, yeah.
>>VEDA: So I've done
studies on saliva,
where, literally, you spit
into a dish and you freeze it.
And what I've discovered
is that the last sentence
or the last word
that you speak holds
a vibration in your mouth.
And that is so relevant.
So when I've frozen the sample,
I see an image, literally,
in the bubble.
>> REGINA: So if I say, oh,
I just made a wonderful lemon
meringue pie.
I love lemons.
I love lemon trees.
Lemon, lemon, lemon.
And then you took
the saliva, you'd
probably see something that
looked like a lemon, really.
>>VEDA: I did one where I was
talking about the number eight.
And the number 8 was
the last word I said.
I froze the saliva, and
there was this, clear as day,
eight stamped into the bubble.
So what's that really saying
is that the words that we speak
have a resonance
that is in our mouth.
And when we drink
water, our saliva
is the first liquid
that it touches.
And then that, of
course, that brings
into the intelligence of our
body reading that information.
And, of course,
that water is also
intertwining with the
information in the saliva.
So that ties in with
saying a blessing
or being grateful, or saying a
prayer before you drink water.
And how you receive
it, literally,
is how the water is going
to respond in your body.
So if you don't have
the perfect water,
and all you have
is filtered water
and you are consciously mindful
of that last word of how you're
receiving this fluid which is
so life giving, that is where--
>> REGINA: It's
going to imprint it.
So it's like in Emoto's work,
it became very much part of pop
culture to go to Whole Foods
and buy your clear glass
bottle with love etched
on it, for example.
So it's the same thing,
but you can do this simply
by bringing it into your
mouth with the thought of love
and the feeling of love.
It's going to do the same thing.
You don't need the intermediary.
>>VEDA: Actually,
my children taught
me something very interesting.
Even more than writing words
or saying words and drinking
liquid water.
As I've been doing my
crystallography, my daughter,
I was holding up
a pretty sample.
And she said, can
I have that, mommy?
And I said, sure.
So I gave her the ice.
And she started to eat it.
And I said, oh,
what are you doing?
And she said, it's
good for me, mommy.
And I was like, OK.
I stored it away.
And then a week later, my
son was doing the same thing.
He said, can I have that?
He ate the ice and said
it was good for him.
And then as I've been
teaching my technique,
I have all kinds of
parents, and they say,
my children are eating--
>> REGINA: They want to lick it.
Yeah.
>>VEDA: And so it's
quite interesting
because what we've
started to see
is that when you write words,
water reads the energy of words
and freezes into the
energy of a word.
And when you eat that ice,
although it's very, very
early days, people
have actually been
having incredible
results from headaches
to stomach aches to
all kinds of things.
Because if you think about
it, words have so much power--
we've just talked about
that-- even the written word.
And so if you have
insomnia, maybe,
and you write the word rest,
and then you're eating this ice,
if you do it every
day for about a week,
you really seem to start
noticing a huge difference.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: You were
talking about the saliva.
And what popped to
mind was a series
of books, the
"Anastasia" series.
I don't know if you read them.
But in book one, "Ringing
Cedars Series, Anastasia"--
I don't think you can even buy
them now, which is a shame.
But in the first book,
this amazing woman
from the deep forest
in Siberia told the man
who wrote the books that
what their practice was
to take the seeds and
put them under the tongue
and allow the saliva
to permeate the seed
and then to plant the
seed so that it expressed
all of the nutrients
and minerals
your body personally needed.
>>VEDA: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I actually know someone
who has a farm that has
said that is absolutely true.
Although there is science
to say that it's not true,
it's interesting
because you have
to wonder, well, what's really
true and what's not true.
And if you have personal
experience of something,
then that's your truth.
>> REGINA: That's your truth.
Absolutely.
I love that.
OK.
Now we're going to
get into a touchy one.
And that is 5G and these
technological effects on water.
So why don't we
take a look at what
5G-exposed water looks like.
Here we can see this.
And go ahead and explain
what we're seeing.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
Well, what I did was
I took spring water,
which I knew its beautiful
signature pattern,
and I basically
put it in a bottle.
And I put it just right
beside a 5G tower.
I did one for 15 minutes
and one for half an hour.
And when I did the
crystallography
within half an hour of having
done that, we saw extremely
disordered patterns, one of
the most disordered patterns
I've actually seen.
So that was really
quite interesting
because it was even more
disordered than when
I put the water by a router.
And so I was curious
to see that if I
let that water melt
and refroze it,
would it continue
to express disorder.
So I did that six times.
On the sixth time of melting
and freezing the water,
it. actually gone back
to its original pattern.
So I found that to be at
least something to consider,
is that the first
initial response was
like a shock, that water is able
to, and constantly seeks to,
go back to its original patterns
if it's given the opportunity.
And I think within the
freezing, melting stages,
it helps water to go back
to its original patterns.
>> REGINA: So how would
you correlate that
to the body's waters that
are being exposed to these
frequencies?
>>VEDA: Again, I
think that EMF is
very real for a lot of people.
A lot of people are very
sensitive to these frequencies.
What we're seeing is water
responding and then finding
ways to self-heal.
And I constantly see that
water will have a shock
and react in a big way.
And then if you keep
letting it melt and freeze,
you see improvement.
So I think that we--
>> REGINA: So what can we
proactively do if people are
living in an area that has
5G, maybe even has routers,
and maybe they're in an
apartment building, Wi-Fi,
everything is
running through them?
>>VEDA: Do you know what
I've actually observed
is that when you
get magnesium oil,
and you rub it on
your body, your skin,
it actually does seem to
create some kind of a barrier.
>> REGINA: A shield.
>>VEDA: Shield.
>> REGINA: Oh, interesting.
What about if you take
magnesium internally?
Or does it have to be external?
>>VEDA: You can do both.
I found that the external seems
to really create a shield that
can last for quite a long time.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
So I would say that
would be something
that you could
definitely do that's good
for you and it's easy.
I also think that
understanding water
and understanding the biowater,
the water inside of your body,
and how it is intelligent--
I think that sometimes we limit
water with our own limited
understanding of it.
But I think if we understood
that water constantly
seeks health, and its purpose,
really, is to improve things,
it's always finding ways--
>> REGINA: So it has your back.
>>VEDA: It's got your back.
>> REGINA: It's got your back.
OK.
One of the surprises
you found also
was that you were able to read
the crystal structure of things
like egg whites--
>>VEDA: Yes.
>> REGINA: --and juice.
Let's talk about
that for a moment.
>>VEDA: Well, I
was wondering what
would be the most naturally
informed water on the planet?
And so I always thought it
would be amniotic fluid.
And since that's not
readily available,
the next best thing
was egg white.
And it's quite good because
eggs are in little containers.
So I found that when
you crack an egg open,
the egg white or egg
albumin is in two parts,
the gloopy, gelatinous part and
then the thin, more saliva-like
part.
When you freeze the thin,
saliva-like part, what
you see in fresh,
free-range, happy hen eggs
is these beautiful
very complex patterns.
And there are six of
them that I've named.
And what we see in
caged hens eggs,
it can only form two of
those patterns, and then
the two most rudimentary.
>> REGINA: In
standard formed eggs.
>>VEDA: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
In factories.
Factory eggs.
>>VEDA: And so what
was interesting--
because I was inspired by a
man called Luc Montagnier who
did something which is
known as DNA teleportation.
Well, I was thinking,
what if I just
put a free-range egg
beside a caged hen egg
and see if information
is exchanged.
Will one affect the other?
Or will nothing happen?
And so I did that.
And I left them overnight.
And because I've done
thousands of these,
I know they always
form the same pattern.
So it's not consciousness
affecting the eggs.
These are very
repeatable patterns.
And so I'd never seen more than
two patterns in caged hen eggs.
But after I did
the crystallography
of having the free-range
egg beside the caged hen egg
overnight, the caged
hen egg started
to form incredible patterns.
It improved.
And the free-range
egg stayed beautiful.
It wasn't degraded.
But when I shared that on
social media, everyone was like,
oh, yeah, that's cool.
But what if you surround it
by bad eggs, so to speak.
So I did that twice.
I put a free-range
egg in the middle.
I did controls.
And I surrounded it by caged hen
eggs, all from the same batch.
And what we saw--
and we left them overnight.
What I saw was that there
was healing by proximity.
The caged hen eggs that were the
closest to the free-range egg
had all drastically improved to
look just like free-range eggs.
The ones further away had
improved but not as much.
And this happened
both times I did it.
So what we're really
seeing is that it's
very similar to the one
drop of blessed water
into a giant ocean.
It makes a difference.
So if you want to look
at it in human terms,
if we start to heal ourselves,
we naturally heal others.
My teacher in
India, he said some
of the greatest saints that
have ever walked the planet
and the most beautiful
people that have been here,
they're like vessels
of divine love.
And their energy has
reached and healed people
that they will never meet
because the energy has traveled
so far across the world.
And I think that this
beautiful reality
that we're seeing in
eggs, which of course--
>> REGINA: It's amazing.
What an amazing story.
And I mean, it just shows in
living patterns entanglement,
>>VEDA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Entanglement on a
fundamental material level.
>>VEDA: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Have you talked with
Dean Radin and some of these
people in the fields of
consciousness and entanglement?
It seems like water should
be part of that story.
It is part of the story.
>>VEDA: It is part of the story.
It ties in with Rupert
Sheldrake's morphic fields.
>> REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
I absolutely agree with you.
>>VEDA: And I also think that
ancestral information is shared
through the amniotic fluid.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Including
in the eggs.
>>VEDA: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so one of the things I've
wondered about for many years,
I just contemplate,
is the notion
that the bodies
of water on Earth
are constantly receiving
cosmic information.
They're part of
the solar system.
And that information is here
to help humanity evolve.
So the waters, therefore,
with that implantation,
have to be doing the same.
And then you have all of
the animals and mammals that
live inside the water as well.
So what can you share
about the great bodies
of water, the cosmos, the
entanglement between the two,
and maybe even species
like whales and dolphins?
>>VEDA: Big conversation.
>> REGINA: Well, if you
could do it in one minute.
>>VEDA: I'll do
it in one minute.
So basically, the oceans,
they're like a source,
like source.
And I always say that
water isn't a resource.
It is source.
>> REGINA: Source, yeah.
>>VEDA: And we often
forget that there's
water in the air and
water in the universe,
and the word hydrogen
means the creator of water.
And some people
think that hydrogen
is the spirit of water.
And so it's quite interesting
because some people
think that plasma
is the mind of water
and that liquid water
is the body of water.
And so when you
think of the oceans,
the oceans are full
of salt. So they're
storing so much information.
And they have electrical charge.
I've always thought that
electrical charge and the water
in the air is the silver
thread that connects
the spirit to the body.
And so in water that's
without a body, as such,
is always in the
spiritual stage.
So there's constant
energetic information
sharing from all planets,
stars, the universe.
There is a constant
movement and sharing
of information from planet
to planet, star to star,
body to body, cell to cell.
>> REGINA: And what
about, just quickly,
dolphins or whales and because
they're known as, well,
whales in particular, as
memory keepers for the planet?
>>VEDA: Well, I have a
lovely story about whales.
>> REGINA: Please.
>>VEDA: There's a man in New
Zealand that does a lot of work
with water and sound.
And he has a device that
essentially can pick up
the sound of plants,
the sound of mushrooms,
the sounds of trees, the
sounds even of water,
not just the trickling
noises of water,
but the actual
sound that it makes.
And so in New Zealand, we
used to have a lot of whales
that would move past beaches.
And they make sounds
that travel very far.
But a lot of people
think that sound only
travels through the water.
But actually, the sound
travels over through the water
and over into the beach
and then into the forests.
And in New Zealand,
we have a sacred tree,
a native tree called
the kauri tree.
And the whales and the kauri
tree have conversations.
And they know each
other's sounds.
So he took the sound of water.
And he thought,
well, I wonder if we
took the sound of
the kauri tree,
and we went out
into the deep ocean,
and we played the sound
of the kauri tree,
will the whales come?
And I was talking to
him just recently.
And he was going out on a boat
to see if the whales came.
And to my knowledge, they have.
>> REGINA: Wonderful.
>>VEDA: So there is
communication between trees
and whales as well.
>> REGINA: So beautiful,
I mean, all of this.
Most of the people that
are watching right now,
it's taking you into a
magical understanding
of life, the interconnectedness
of all of life.
And we're simply another
vehicle within that, obviously,
with a different type
of consciousness.
So let's go.
We only have a few minutes left.
So I'd like to get some
more of the images in.
So one, you talk to your
mother on the other--
she's deceased, as you
mentioned-- on the other side.
And tell us about
that in this image.
>>VEDA: Sure.
Well, this is very
special to me.
So my mom was also
my best friend.
And she died in 1999.
And years and years ago,
I used to live in Japan.
And my mom and I, we would
write letters to each other.
And at the end of
every letter, my mother
would attempt to draw a circle.
Her circles were terrible.
And she'd draw a little
heart in the middle.
And I was missing her.
And so I said to the water,
can you connect to my mom?
And when I froze the
water after speaking that,
I've pulled it out.
And there was this
misshapen circle
with a heart in the middle.
And of all of the things that
water could have chosen to do--
>> REGINA: It's the one thing
so personal between you.
>>VEDA: So personal, I
wasn't expecting that.
I wasn't projecting that.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it
wasn't your mind.
>>VEDA: But now every time
her birthday comes around,
I ask the same question.
And I keep seeing
the same response.
>> REGINA: Oh.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: That's just
very heartwarming.
And so also you
started asking water
about what life might be
like on other planets.
So tell us about a
couple of these images.
>>VEDA: Yeah, there's no limit
to what you can ask water.
Well, water really revealed
what looks like something
from "Star Wars" a little bit,
like this long, tall buildings
and various different
kinds of shapes.
And when I asked it to show
me what Mars looked like,
it looked--
even took on a reddish
color, which is interesting,
because although you
can see colors coming
through the ice because
of the background,
the ice is very thin,
I hadn't personally
noticed anything very red.
So there was a slight reddish
tinge to the crystallography.
And I've done a lot of
things around asking
water questions like, what on
Earth was inspired by aliens.
>> REGINA: Oh.
And there you got
the pyramids of Giza.
>>VEDA: Aha.
>> REGINA: Yeah, that image.
>>VEDA: And we got
an image very much
like one of the pyramids
too, I think, in Mexico.
>> REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>VEDA: So that was
kind of consistent.
So then it's, like,
well what is alien,
what is the word alien to water?
I actually asked water
what is its first memory.
And I think different
bodies of water
might have slightly
different memories.
And the image I saw
was fascinating.
It was this very clear
face with a very large eye.
And the words "I am" were there.
And when I have asked water
who are you, I've got,
"I am" and "I M" consistently
show up in the ice.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
Well, we're just
about out of time.
And people are
listening to this.
And you say you're not
using anything special,
no special effects.
You're using your
iPhone to capture it.
>>VEDA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So just
in the last bit,
tell us how you
capture these images,
in case some of our budding
scientists at home want to do
this themselves.
>>VEDA: Absolutely.
Basically, I get a
glass Petri dish.
Glass is important.
I put a small amount
of water in the dish.
And I freeze it for about
five minutes and 20s
or until there's liquid
on top and ice underneath.
Then you pull it out.
You tip the liquid water away.
And then you quickly
photograph the ice that
is stuck to the Petri dish.
>> REGINA: Does it need to
be on a light background,
like on a slide?
>>VEDA: No.
I hold it up to
the natural light.
>> REGINA: Natural light.
OK.
>>VEDA: And I just
use my iPhone.
Children are doing
it in schools.
>> REGINA: I love it.
>>VEDA: All kinds
of people doing it.
>> REGINA: Well, Veda, thank
you so much for bringing water
alive and central
to our awareness.
It's such a beautiful topic.
And I see what you're
saying in terms of,
it is the bridge
between all of life.
>>VEDA: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: So thank you for
the wonderful work you do
and for having the due diligence
to repeat these experiments
and share it.
And I know you're
going great places.
So thank you so much.
And I look forward
to seeing you again.
>>VEDA: It's my pleasure.
>> REGINA: I hope you found this
as fascinating as I have lots
to contemplate here.
Keep an eye out for
Veda's new book.
And be sure to visit her
site at "vedaaustin.com".
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]